PCIe is a third generation I/O bus, used to interconnect peripheral devices, based in its processor bus. 
It is a serial, point-to-point interconnect for communication between devices. 
The point-to-point connection allows large scale and higher level transmit/receive frequencies, which leads to high speed data movements. 
More specifically, PCIe Gen1 has a data rate 2.5 GB/s, Gen2 has a data rate 5 GB/s and Gen3 has a data rate up to 8 GB/s. 
While connecting peripheral devices to the PCIe interface, a host processor manages the connected devices as a root complex, with the enumeration of the entire memory space. 
In this situation, multiple processors could not be connected to PCIe interconnect since they would attempt to service the same address leading to collisions. 
PCIe Non-Transparent Bridge (NTB) is a method for PCIe systems to handle multiple processors. 
NTB is functionally similar to the transparent bridge except that there is a processor on each side of the bridge, and each processor has its own independent address space domain. 
In the NTB environment, the PCIe bridge translates addresses that across from one memory address space to the other space through translation registers,  in the so-called memory window. 
The address translation of one host to another host is described in Figure. 
With this address translation, two processors connected to PCIe NTB can share independent address spaces, each one belonging to a processor, and transfer data through this independent address space.
In addition to that, as noted in the PCIe specification, two processors can share some small data set through some special registers, i.e., eight or more 32bit registers, called ScratchPad registers. 
After one host writes data to one ScratchPad register, another host can access and read directly from that register. 
Also, one processor can cause an interrupt to the other processor through register called Doorbell register. 
There are sixteen doorbell interrupts that can be set or cleared, as well as masked.